Storage 4.9 rel notes (#36165)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-9-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-9-storage"]
=== Storage

[id="ocp-4-9-storage-aws-ebs-csi-ga"]
==== Persistent storage using AWS EBS CSI driver operator is generally available

> OpenShift Container Platform is capable of provisioning persistent volumes (PVs) using the Container Storage Interface (CSI) driver for AWS Elastic Block Store (EBS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} is capable of provisioning persistent volumes (PVs) using the Container Storage Interface (CSI) driver for AWS Elastic Block Store (EBS).
```
